Updated RLA index page to share some details from RL plugin (#6044)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/_index.md

You must provide the same number of windows and limits
```

## Implementation considerations

### Limit by IP Address

> If limiting by IP address, it's important to understand how the IP address is determined. The IP address is determined by the request header sent to Kong from downstream. In most cases, the header has a name of ```X-Real-IP``` or ```X-Forwarded-For```. By default, Kong will use the header name ```X-Real-IP```, however if a different header name is required then this will need to be defined using the [real_ip_header](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#real_ip_header) Nginx property. Depending on the environmental network setup, the [trusted_ips](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#trusted_ips) Nginx property may also need to be configured to include the load balancer IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If limiting by IP address, it's important to understand how the IP address is determined. The IP address is determined by the request header sent to Kong from downstream. In most cases, the header has a name of `X-Real-IP` or `X-Forwarded-For`. 

By default, Kong uses the header name `X-Real-IP`. If a different header name is required, it needs to be defined using the [real_ip_header](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#real_ip_header) Nginx property. Depending on the environmental network setup, the [trusted_ips](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#trusted_ips) Nginx property may also need to be configured to include the load balancer IP address.
```

### Strategies

The plugin supports three strategies.

| Strategy    | Pros | Cons   |
| --------- | ---- | ------ |
| `local`   | Minimal performance impact. | Less accurate. Unless there's a consistent-hashing load balancer in front of Kong, it diverges when scaling the number of nodes.
| `cluster` | Accurate, no extra components to support. | Each request forces a read and a write on the data store. Therefore, relatively, the biggest performance impact. |

> | `redis`   | Accurate, less performance impact than a `cluster` policy. | Needs a Redis installation. Bigger performance impact than a `local` policy. ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `redis`   | Accurate, less performance impact than a `cluster` policy. | Needs a Redis installation. Bigger performance impact than a `local` policy. |
```

In this scenario, because accuracy is important, the `local` policy is not an option. Consider the support effort you might need
for Redis, and then choose either `cluster` or `redis`.

You could start with the `cluster` policy, and move to `redis`
if performance reduces drastically.

Do remember that you cannot port the existing usage metrics from the data store to Redis.
This might not be a problem with short-lived metrics (for example, seconds or minutes)
but if you use metrics with a longer time frame (for example, months), plan
your switch carefully.

#### Backend protection

If accuracy is of lesser importance, choose the `local` policy. You might need to experiment a little
before you get a setting that works for your scenario. As the cluster scales to more nodes, more user requests are handled.
When the cluster scales down, the probability of false negatives increases. So, adjust your limits when scaling.

For example, if a user can make 100 requests every second, and you have an
equally balanced 5-node Kong cluster, setting the `local` limit to something like 30 requests every second
should work. If you see too many false negatives, increase the limit.

> To minimise inaccuracies, consider using a consistent-hashing load balancer in front of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize inaccuracies, consider using a consistent-hashing load balancer in front of
```
American spelling

You must provide the same number of windows and limits
```

## Implementation considerations

### Limit by IP Address

If limiting by IP address, it's important to understand how the IP address is determined. The IP address is determined by the request header sent to Kong from downstream. In most cases, the header has a name of `X-Real-IP` or `X-Forwarded-For`. 

> By default, Kong uses the header name `X-Real-IP`. If a different header name is required, it needs to be defined using the [real_ip_header](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#real_ip_header) Nginx property. Depending on the environmental network setup, the [trusted_ips](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#trusted_ips) Nginx property may also need to be configured to include the load balancer IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kong uses the header name `X-Real-IP`. If a different header name is required, it needs to be defined using the [real_ip_header](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#real_ip_header) Nginx property. Depending on the environmental network setup, the [trusted_ips](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#trusted_ips) Nginx property may also need to be configured to include the load balancer IP address.
```

Missed the links
